# 2022 Rosé

## Product Information
- **Type**: Wine
- **Price**: $25.00
- **Status**: Not Available / Not Available
- **Created**: 5/3/2023
- **Updated**: 6/8/2024

## Description
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Indulge in the epitome of Hudson Valley's ros&eacute; excellence with our meticulously crafted 2022 release. Milea Estate, as the leading producer of ros&eacute; in the region, presents a truly intentional creation. Our winemaking staff, armed with over three decades of expertise, has artfully blended a proprietary combination unique to our estate, instantly captivating the discerning palates of Hudsonians.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Immerse yourself in the delicate pink hue of this exceptional ros&eacute;, offering a sensory journey through fragrant notes of ripe strawberries, Rainier cherries, luscious watermelon, and a hint of orange blossom. Upon tasting, it unfolds with a refreshing linearity and lively acidity that invigorates the senses. Enveloping the palate are not only the red fruit flavors but also tantalizing hints of zesty lemon and grapefruit, leaving a lasting impression.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Pairing Recommendation:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">To elevate your experience, we recommend savoring our ros&eacute; alongside a decadent triple cream Camembert cheese, delectable oysters, a lobster roll or a vibrant summer green salad.</span></p>

## Quick Overview
An Exquisite Rosé Crafted with Unmatched Precision

## Details
No additional details available.
